# Privacy Policy
We value your comments, suggestions and feedback. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and disclose “personal information” and other “non personal information” we have gathered about you.

### 1. What is Personal Information and What are collected?
‘Personal Information’ is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect data to enable us to operate the Game effectively, and to provide you with the best experiences on our website and our Game. We get some of your data by recording how you interact with our website and our game by, for example, using technologies like cookies. 

You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to enable us to make the Game available to you, you may not be able to sign up for or play the Game. The data we collect can include the following:

Eos account name. We may collect your account address.

Device and Usage information. We may collect data about your device and how you and your device interact with our Game. For example, we may collect your feature usage patterns, location data, and your interactions with us. We may also collect data about your device and the network you use to connect to our Game; this may include data such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, and referring URLs.

### 2. What do we use your information for?

We use the data we collect to operate our business, and to make the Game available to you. This includes using the data to improve our Game, and to personalize your experiences. 

### 3. Collection of other ‘Non-Personal’ Information
We do not collect any ‘Non-Personal’ Information on the game. But in this site, we use Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. The tool uses cookies to collect internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.

### 4. Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.

### 5. Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.

### 6. Service Usage History Analysis
The company uses your advertising identifier and analysis software to provide users with more useful and useful services. The advertisement identifier may be configured to change the settings of the device to a permanent, non-personal identifier such as Android Advertising ID, Apple's Advertising ID, etc., so that the advertisement identifier can be refused or reset to prevent it from being used for ads based on the interests, It is not used to identify or identify individuals. The analysis software is used to analyze the information that is generated automatically when you visit a website or use a mobile service, and you can refuse it.

Refuse collection of advertising identifier
Android: "Settings > Google > Ads" or "Settings > General > Accounts & Sync > Goolge > Privacy & privacy > Ads Settings"
iOS: Settings > Privacy > Advertising

### 7. Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
help@biscuitlabs.io